chore: sample apps with js sdk (#42)
rudderlabs/rudder-typer: tests/e2e/rudder-npm-js/README.md

# Getting Started with Rudder Typer

> ## Prerequisite(If you want to use your own tracking plan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites (if you want to use your tracking plan)
```

Author: done

> ## Prerequisite(If you want to use your own tracking plan)

Reviewer: Additionally, they'd need to adjust the rudder typer instrumentation as per their tracking plan.

Author: done

1. You have setup the tracking plan from the dashboard.
2. Generated PAT from dashboard settings.
3. Did the authentication step using PAT and email to generate ruddertyper.yml and plan.json file in the root level of the repo.
4. Move ruddertyper.yml file from root level to tests/e2e/rudder-npm-js this folder.
5. Replace the plan.json in rudder-npm-js/src/analytics with the one you generated.
6. Delete `index.ts` and `rudder.ts` inside analytics folder.

> 7. Run the command `npx rudder-typer@next`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Run the command `npx rudder-typer`
```
same applies here. We can rebase the branch with develop `git rebase origin/develop`

> 7. Run the command `npx rudder-typer@next`

Reviewer: We should also facilitate generating the output from the local rudder-typer source code. I'm addressing this in my branch. Let's discuss this.

Author: done

8. New `index.ts` and `rudder.ts` file will be generated.

> 9. Add `import type { RudderAnalytics, RudderAnalyticsPreloader } from '@rudderstack/analytics-js/*';` this line at the top of rudder.ts and update rudderanalytics interface type to `rudderanalytics: RudderAnalytics | RudderAnalyticsPreloader | undefined;`

Reviewer: This should be fixed in the template. Users should not make any changes to the auto-generated output.

Author: Not addressing it right now. When we will fix the type-related issues we can address this.

## Steps to run the sample app

> 1. From terminal go to tests/e2e/rudder-npm-js project folder.

Reviewer: If someone is reading this file, we should assume they are already in this directory.

Author: done

> 2. Run the command `npm i`

Reviewer: Let's update all the dependencies to use exact versions and commit the lock file. Add an NPM script `setup` with implementation `npm ci`. Ask users to run `npm run setup`.

Author: done

3. Replace the write-key and dataplane url in src > useRudderAnalytics.ts file

> 4. Run the command `npm start`

Reviewer: Let's also add a step to push the appropraite buttons to create events.

Author: done
